<h2>Marketing Strategy Specialist 3 (Communications Strategist)</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">The Penn State College of Engineering seeks two strategists with responsibility for recommending, deploying, measuring, and modifying communications’ tactics in support of priorities such as reputational enhancement, student and faculty recruiting, corporate engagement, and fundraising. One strategist will support the Department of Aerospace Engineering and the Graduate Program in Acoustics. One strategist will support the needs of the Department of Engineering Science and Mechanics and the Department of Nuclear Engineering. Reporting to the college’s senior director of marketing and communications, with accountability to the respective department heads, both positions will serve as content engines for a range of promotional, editorial, and outreach initiatives designed to generate awareness and interest and drive action. Typical areas of focus include planning, writing, distribution, maintenance, and measurement activities associated with journalistic-style news, feature, and research articles; marketing collateral materials; editorial publications including newsletters, magazines, and annual reports; websites and social media channels; direct mail and email campaigns; and advertising campaigns. Typically requires a Bachelor's degree or higher plus four years of related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Working knowledge of Microsoft Office, basic knowledge of Adobe CS Suite (InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator), and publication layout skills are preferred. Basic knowledge of photography and videography preferred. Comfort level using content management software preferred. As core competencies, the positions demand inquisitiveness, creativity, and excellent communication skills. Individuals adept at content development and writing about technical and complex topics across a broad spectrum of engineering disciplines, and in areas such as the biological, chemical, physical, and mathematical sciences, will receive high priority. Successful candidates will be collaborative with excellent interpersonal skills; able to connect with a myriad of stakeholders across departments and the college including administrators, faculty, staff, students, alumni, and communications’ colleagues. Strong organizational and project management skills are required, with the ability to prioritize and handle multiple initiatives simultaneously in a fast-paced environment. Candidates should be prepared to provide writing samples and examples of previous work. This is a fixed-term appointment funded for one year from date of hire with excellent possibility of re-funding.</div>