<h2>Territory Mgr</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText"><div>
<p><b>Responsibilities</b>
</p>The Territory Manager is responsible for business development within their assigned territory. This will include utilizing technical expertise to sell deeper into current accounts (organic growth) as well as acquiring new business accounts with filtration product and services needs. Completes and reports call activity utilizing CRM and other tools as required. They are required to develop and maintain professional relationships with key customer contacts. Sales across all product lines of filtration and a variety of industries will be required and expected. Specific Duties and Responsibilities: • Work within all established safety guidelines, ensuring that safety policies and procedures are adhered to at all times, and worked deemed unsafe is not performed. • Ensure world class customer service is provided to both internal and external customers. • Establish rapport and develop solid relationships with key customer contacts and vendors. • Meet and exceed sales and margin targets, including monthly forecasts and annual budget. • Prospect for and acquire new business at all volume levels by promoting the total filtration management concept, focusing on those accounts with annual volume greater than $5k. • Maintain and grow sales to existing customer base by understanding each customer’s unique product needs and offering solutions across all disciplines of filtration • Organize and prioritize responsibilities to ensure effective and efficient territory coverage. • Evaluate filter applications for value optimization and solution presentation. • Complete the required weekly sales call activity, including: • A minimum of 15 face-to-face sales calls during the prime selling hours of 7am-3pm • Additional cold calls around the face-to-face “anchor” calls • Prospect phone calls. • Regularly utilize CRM software to ensure customer contacts are maintained, customer related sales call activities are documented, value added services/cost savings are recorded and Opportunities are actively managed through the lifecycle of the sale. • Develop solid technical skills by participating in all company and vendor sponsored product training, as well as utilizing other resources for self-study • Generate timely and accurate quotes utilizing the company’s business system. • Utilize the TFS catalog and the media library for presentations to key purchasing personnel. • Support company initiatives in the areas of marketing, sales, and training • Manage and ensure compliance regarding implementation of new accounts, including new Strategic Accounts launches by corporate. • Maintain monthly expense and mileage reports. • Utilize auto generated reports to understand, manage and develop business to ensure you are in compliance with pricing, margin, CRM and other expectations. • Understand and utilize TFS business systems. Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. Supervisory Responsibilities: None General Qualifications: • Excellent oral and written communication skills utilizing the English language • Good attention to detail with timely follow-up skills • Professional appearance and behavior • Solid organizational skills with the ability to prioritize effectively • Strong computer skills, including Microsoft Office with proficiency in Outlook, Word and Excel • Ability to work effectively under pressure and manage multiple assignments simultaneously • Effective time management skills • Meet appropriate deadlines, be responsive and accessible • Accurate and results oriented. • Commitment to providing exceptional customer service to both internal and external customers • High mechanical aptitude with the ability to quickly grasp technical information. Specific Demonstrated Capabilities: • Proven and progressive sales success • Ability to negotiate effectively • Ability to build solid professional relationships • Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook Interpersonal Skills: • “Hunter” mentality with solid closing skills • Demonstrates a sense of urgency • Solid presentation skills with the keen ability to read the audience and tailor presentation to meet its needs. • Solid individual contributor who functions equally well as a member of a Team • Ability to adapt to a variety of personalities, situations and requirements Educational and Experience Requirements: • Minimum three years outside sales experience required • Four- year college degree preferred. • High School diploma or equivalent required. • Filtration, B2B or industrial sales experience preferred Certificates, Licenses, Registrations: Must possess and maintain a valid driver’s license in good standing Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools or controls; reach with hands and arms; climb stairs; utilize ladders with a weight capacity of 250 lbs. or less while regularly accessing heights in excess of 25 feet, balance; stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl; talk and hear. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. Work Environment: Office and field environment Travel Requirements: Varies, depending on size of sales territory May include overnight stays<p><b>
Equal Employment Opportunity</b>
</p>Parker is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. Parker is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all job applicants and employees. Employment decisions are based upon job related reasons regardless of race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, gender identity, genetic information, veteran status, or any other status protected by law. U.S. Citizenship/Permanent Resident is required for most positions. (“Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran/VEVRAA Federal Contractor”) If you would like more information about Equal Employment Opportunity as an applicant under the law, please go to http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf and http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_gina_supplement.pdf</div></div>