<h2>CHAPTER RELATIONSHIP MANAGER</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">The Chapter Relationship Manager is the primary contact point for chapter leadership and assigns fulfillment tasks to Chapter Support Admin team members. The Chapter Relationship Manager serves as the principal liaison between their portfolio of chapters and NAHREP® National by providing strategic operations and chapter event planning guidance. The Chapter Relationship Manager engages directly with the accounting department for any financial needs pertaining to their portfolio. The Chapter Relationship Manager should have sufficient organizational context to provide guidance and direction to chapters outside of their portfolio when needed.<br>
Duties and Responsibilities
Work closely with Chapter Leadership on short- and long-range event calendar planning.
Ensure each chapter has an annual budget and event specific budget for each item on their respective calendar.
Manage event budgets, including reporting back to chapter leadership regarding status of actual vs. projected expenses.
Monitor event registration, keep chapter leadership abreast of registration and event related financial standing. When appropriate, advise chapter leadership regarding strategies to improve performance or change event date.
Create event related marketing campaign across various channels including email distribution, and where appropriate, text blast and recorded call blasts.
Negotiate vendor and venue contracts, including signing contracts or engaging assistance from VP of Operations where appropriate.
Serve as chapter liaison to accounting department, reviewing financial reports, providing feedback to accounting department where needed, verifying accuracy of submissions from chapters including contracts, expense reimbursement requests, invoices, etc., prior to forwarding to Accounting Department for processing.
Collect chapter’s annual board meeting schedule, agendas and minutes for corporate file.
Provide updates to VP of Operations relative to issues or where further training or guidance is needed.
Provide National Event support as assigned.
Perform miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned.<br>
Managed Tasks
Ensure event calendar is published on chapter website identifying upcoming events and any available logistical information, such as: type of event, topic or theme, venue, date, time, etc.
Ensure event registration sites are created all events including creating and updating event registration page on chapter website identifying type of event (educational, business rally, networking, gala, installation), date, time, venue location, member and non-member price, etc.
Ensure event marketing tasks are completed included email banners, marketing flyers, recorded call blasts, text blasts and any other marketing related tasks as agreed upon with chapter leadership.
Ensure vendor and venue outreach, such as in sourcing venues where needed or in executing vendor related follow-up where needed.<br>
Position Requirements
A belief in the mission of the National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals®.
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience.
3 – 5 years minimum membership or customer service experience.
3 – 5 years minimum event planning experience.
Prior non-profit and/or real estate experience a plus.
Bilingual in Spanish preferred.
Ability to make administrative/procedural decisions and judgments.
Excellent problem-solving skills, including an ability to anticipate problems and use judgment appropriately to plan solutions.
Excellent oral, written, research and computer skills (including with software such as Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint)
Excellent interpersonal skills and facility working with a wide variety of people.
Integrity and a sense of humor.</div>