<h2>Restaurant IT Service Center Director</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">
<div>
<p>The Restaurant IT Service Center Director leads a team of technicians that provide technical assistance and support for Point of Sale (POS) systems, peripherals, hardware, and software. This position manages the activities of the Restaurant Information Technology (IT) Service Center while utilizing best practices to ensure customer service requirements are consistently met and user requests and issues are responded to and resolved in a timely manner. This position conducts in-depth research and analysis of new POS technologies and functionalities for consideration of innovative solutions for Cafe Rio. Responsibilities: • Creates project plans to identify and coordinate the necessary tasks to implement new or converted POS systems in new stores and retrofits. • Manages the support of POS and back office platforms across Cafe Rio restaurants. • Analyzes and gathers business/user requirements to define configuration changes. • Provides subject matter expertise and partners with the POS Systems Administrators in support of new functionality and versioning. • Directs Restaurant IT management and supervisors to develop a service strategy to mitigate existing and potential software, hardware, POS platforms/peripherals, and networking issues. • Researches, analyzes, and identifies root causes to resolve issues and discrepancies in a professional, timely, and courteous manner. • Collaborates with marketing, R&amp;D, training and operations to provide expertise and direction and to communicate updates and priorities (e.g., hardware and software problems, Loyalty program configuration, ‘limited time offer’ menu, computer upgrades, network setup and diagnoses, etc.). • Manages the installation of new, replacement, and upgraded hardware and software and evaluates annually the systems upgrade cycle, versioning and distribution process. • Holds others accountable for conducting business in a legal and ethical manner while complying with policies, laws, and regulations related to business and employment. • Recruits, selects, and actively develops the capability of staff to meet current and future staffing needs. • Determines the work methods and plans/instructs the work of associates. • Manages the activities (e.g., schedules, priorities, etc.) of the Restaurant IT Service Center to maintain customer satisfaction and to ensure adherence to processes, policies, and service level agreements for customer responsiveness, incident resolution, and follow up. • Manages and coordinates the resolution of urgent and complicated technical support issues. • Monitors adherence to policies and procedures to ensure organization and regulatory compliance. • Establishes and monitors effective system controls to meet current and future compliance requirements (e.g., Sarbanes-Oxley, Payment Card Industry Security Standards, etc.). Performs other responsibilities as assigned.
</p>
<b>Requirements:</b><p>
Experience, Education, and Certifications: • 7+ years of experience supporting information technology environments, preferably with help desk, technology call center, troubleshooting, and/or user hardware and software support preferred • Restaurant experience preferred • Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or a related discipline preferred Knowledge and Skills: • Proficient with installing and supporting Microsoft Office technologies, including Office Suite, operating systems, Windows, Windows Service, desktop applications, computer and anti-virus management • Knowledge of Payment Card Industry Data Security (PCI) • Working knowledge and experience with basic networking, operating system, hardware, and peripheral troubleshooting/support, and remote user networking • Working knowledge of installation, maintenance, troubleshooting, and repair of a variety of user and network computer operating systems (e.g., TCP, IP, etc.) • Working knowledge of POS and above store reporting solutions. NCR\Aloha Preferred. • Ability to diagnose advanced IT and computer systems issues; hardware, software, networking, server, and operator problems • Ability to convey clear, concise information in verbal, written, electronic, and other communication formats; and to demonstrate active listening while engaging others • Ability to maintain and handle matters of confidentiality with utmost tact and diplomacy • Ability to take ownership for IT-related matters to ensure a high degree of customer satisfaction while anticipating and responding to the needs of customers in a timely manner • Ability to develop and maintain positive business relationships and foster an environment of mutual respect, understanding, and support • Ability to adapt and adjust planned work through analyzing work demands, competing priorities, and tight deadlines; and to understand the most effective and efficient means to accomplish tasks within the parameters of the organizational structure, processes, systems, and policies • Ability to exercise considerable judgment and discretion in dealing with matters of significance for the organization; to assess a situation, conduct research, analyze data, and arrive at valid conclusions; and to develop and execute plans • Ability to mentor, motivate, and guide staff toward achieving goals; to provide ongoing, thoughtful, constructive feedback effectively; and to recognize a job well done • Knowledge and commitment to continuous improvement
</p>
<b>Additional Info:</b>
</div>
<p></p>
</div>