<h2>Buyer II</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText"><div>Summary Statement: Applies advanced knowledge of principles, theories, concepts and industry practices and standards in procuring goods and services such as raw materials, equipment, tools, parts and supplies for aerospace manufacturing operations. Essential Functions and Key Responsibilities: Develops solutions to a variety of problems of moderate scope and complexity requiring judgment and ingenuity working within procedures, policies and practices in the material and purchasing discipline. Performs work under general management direction. Modifies and installs changes to current procurement systems that are of moderate complexity. Plans studies and collects data to determine costs of parts and material such as aluminum, steel, composite and other raw material and purchases and parts, equipment and supplies. Analyzes data obtained, records results and report to management. Analyzes changes in product design, raw materials, manufacturing methods, or services provided, to determine effects on costs. Makes estimates of new and proposed product or service costs. Reviews requisitions and confers with vendors to obtain product or service information such as price, availability, and delivery schedule. Estimates values according to knowledge of market price and determines method of procurement such as direct purchase or bid. Prepares purchase orders or bid requests. Purchases parts and material of low to medium value requiring a moderate level of technical knowledge of the aircraft system or subsystems for which it will be used. Expedites delivery of goods to users. Reviews bid proposals and negotiates contracts within budgetary limitations and scope of authority. Maintains procurement records such as items or services purchased, costs, delivery, product quality or performance, and inventories. Discusses defective or unacceptable goods or services with inspection or quality control personnel, users, vendors, and others to determine source of trouble and take corrective action. Approves invoices for payment. Ancillary Functions and Responsibilities: Performs other duties as required. These duties may include assignments in job classifications other than the primary assignment. JOB QUALIFICATIONS: Formal Education, Training, Professional Certification and Work Experience: Experience may be substituted for the formal education and training requirements in this section at the discretion of management. . Bachelor level degree in business or a related discipline from a four-year college or university and two (2) or more years related experience and/or training or equivalent combination of education and experience. Level of Supervision Required: The level of supervision required described here is representative of that which must be met by a Stakeholder to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Works under very general supervision. Sound judgment, completeness and accuracy are expected. Communication and Special Skills: • Communicate effectively using electronic media and in written and verbal forms. • Make telephone and direct personal contact with internal and external personnel and make formal presentations to small or large groups. • Competent in the use of standard software applications such as Microsoft Word and Excel. Special Training and Behavioral Competencies: The following training requirements and competencies must be met before acceding to this job. • Safety training applicable to the job and work area. • Complete the required NORDAM University training for all Stakeholders. • Comply with The NORDAM Group Leadership Competencies for Stakeholders. • Ability and willingness to assist and transfer technical knowledge to less experienced Stakeholders. Physical Requirements: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by a Stakeholder to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the Stakeholder is regularly required to sit, talk and hear. The Stakeholder is occasionally required to stand and walk. The Stakeholder must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, and ability to adjust focus. Must be able to travel between facilities and operate standard office equipment. Work in excess of eight (8) hours per day and five (5) days per week as required. Must be able to ascend and descend stairs. Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those a Stakeholder encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Must be able to tolerate exposure to dust, fumes, noise, temperature and other elements in the shop area, if required. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Mental Requirements: The mental characteristics described here are representative of those a Stakeholder encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Able to work as a team member, highly organized, work well under stress and handle multiple priorities. Must possess interpersonal and communication skills to interact with other people.<br>
<br>
<b>The NORDAM Group LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.</b>
</div></div>