<h2>Embedded Software Engineer</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">
<div>
<p><b>Org Marketing Statement</b>
</p>With annual sales of $14.3 billion in fiscal year 2018, Parker Hannifin is the world's leading diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision-engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The company has operations in 50 countries around the world. Parker has increased its annual dividends paid to shareholders for 62 consecutive fiscal years, among the top five longest-running dividend-increase records in the S&amp;P 500 index.<p><b>
Essential Functions</b>
</p>Researches, analyzes, designs, and tests component parts, processes, or systems to develop new and/or improve core products. Develops and recommends solutions to engineering requirements for complex or specialized projects or systems, to ensure that design objectives are met, including program scope, cost and schedule constraints. Applies engineering principles based on assigned engineering domain (e.g. mechanical; electrical; chemical, etc.) 1. Develops conceptual and detailed product specifications by analyzing performance and customer requirements. Investigates design factors such as function, materials, performance, interchangeability, cost (non‐recurring and recurring), operational efficiency, and contractual requirements. May develop preliminary designs from customer input and descriptive information provided by others. 2. Applies scientific analysis and mathematical models to predict and measure the outcome and consequence of design alternatives. Interprets and validates test results for accuracy and precision. Recommends product qualification procedures and parameters to achieve customer and product reliability and safety standards (e.g. failure analysis). May utilize and interpret predictive models to simulate and verify design concepts. 3. Provides technical information for review with product engineering teams using established engineering practices, standards, and documentation methods (e.g. structured design process; customer design reviews). Writes supporting documentation for procedures and technical reports; may write technical responses or proposals for customers. 4. Contributes to the completion milestones associated with specific projects (e.g. create functional diagrams and system layouts; review detailed drawings and schematics; define data structure, interfaces and programming logic; analyze material requirements; research customer data item requirements). Maintain efforts within defined cost and schedule constraints including stat using and root cause/corrective actions of associated variances. May act as a Control Account Manager (CAM) for projects applying Earned Value Management (EVM). 5. Reviews product specifications to ensure clarity, completeness, form, fit, function, and conformity to standards and procedures. Identifies design errors, omissions, and other deficiencies, and recommends revisions, engineering change orders, and improvements to engineering management or the project team. 6. Maintains and further develops professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing technical publications, and/or participating in professional associations. 7. Shares specialized knowledge with others. Assigned to mentor new employees. May represent the company on specific projects or engineering tasks. 8. Must have ability to deal with people at a cross-functional level. Position requires ability to effectively communicate in oral and written form to present information and respond to inquiries from employees, customers, suppliers and including up line to manager when matters require higher visibility. 9. Ability to effectively interface with customers and drive solidification of product specifications Works with engineering project or a cross-functional team within the business unit; may have regular customer/suppler interaction. 10. Experienced working in cross functional teams consisting of various disciplines which may include project managers, supply chain, quality, manufacturing, electrical engineers, software engineers, test engineers and others as required by projects.<p><b>
Qualifications</b>
</p> Bachelor's degree (BS) (or Professional Engineer (PE) certificate) in an engineering or science technical discipline. Specialty in Modeling and Controls preferred. Ability to perform the essential functions of the job typically acquired through 4 to 6 years of related experience. Prefer five years plus of experience in vehicle control system development using Simulink and State Flow; In-depth knowledge and working experience in classic and modern control methods. Pneumatic product development experience in the transportation industry preferable. Familiarity with CAN based data links, specifically SAE J1939 and associated tools Has thorough knowledge of product area and domain and develops breadth of knowledge of industry practices, techniques, regulations, and policies. Proficient with engineering design and analysis tools (e.g. modeling systems); ability to use standard software packages. May require capability using specialized software applications or languages. Proficient in Matlab and Simulink, and familiar with auto-code generation and C/C++. Ability to apply standard practices and techniques in specific situations, adjust and correlate data, recognize discrepancies in results, and follow operations through a series of related detailed steps or processes. Ability to work with general objectives regarding projects and team goals; applies judgment in selecting procedures and techniques that should be applied. Works collaboratively in a team environment. Proficient with standard project management tools and practices. Strong hands-on skills and working proficiency in electronics and mechanics; ability to read and understand electronic schematics. Ability to effectively communicate and present status, actions, recommendations, and other technical information with clarity and precision. Responsive to inquiries from other engineering and business teams. In depth knowledge of microcontrollers, nonvolatile memory, solenoid drivers, A/D circuits. Preferred familiarity and experience in Design for Six Sigma</div>
<p></p>
</div>