<h2>Medical Assistant / Medical Office Representative</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText"><p>Dignity Health Medical Foundation, established in 1993, is a California nonprofit public benefit corporation with care centers throughout California. Dignity Health Medical Foundation is an affiliate of Dignity Health - one of the largest health systems in the nation - with hospitals and care centers in California, Arizona and Nevada. Today, Dignity Health Medical Foundation works hand-in-hand with physicians and providers throughout California to provide comprehensive health care services to the many communities we serve. As Dignity Health Medical Foundation continues to grow and establish new premier care centers, we provide increasing support and investment in the latest technologies, finest physicians and state-of-the-art medical facilities. We strive to create purposeful work settings where staff can provide great care, while advancing in knowledge and experience through challenging work assignments and stimulating relationships. Our staff is well-trained and highly skilled, qualities that are vital to maintaining excellence in care and service.<br>
<br>
Dignity Health Medical Group - Dominican, a service of Dignity Health Medical Foundation, is committed to serving the continuing health care needs of Santa Cruz County. Supported by the rich community history Dominican Hospital, our doctors provide convenient, personalized care to patients throughout the region along the full continuum of care. We operate 18 clinics in Santa Cruz County and feature more than 70 providers with specialties including pediatrics , oncology and hematology , plastic and reconstructive surgery , gastroenterology , OB/GYN , urology, physical medicine and rehabilitation , and urgent care . Santa Cruz County is 70 miles south of San Francisco and boasts great surf, sandy beaches, redwood-covered mountains and more.<br>
<br>
<b>Responsibilities</b><br>
The Medical Assistant/Medical Office Representative (MA/MOR) position is responsible for knowing his/her professional scope of practice as defined by the California Business and Professional Code and for satisfactorily completing the Dignity Health Medical Foundation orientation period that includes demonstrating skills and behaviors that meet a fully competent level of performance. The MA maintains a clean, organized, and safe environment, and performs patient care services that support the physician/ provider's practice under the clinical supervision of the Physician, Registered Nurse, Nurse Practitioner, Physician Assistant or Licensed Vocational Nurse. This includes assisting in prepping patients for examinations or procedures, assisting with procedures, relaying instructions from the physician to a patient or authorized person, and collecting patient data. Documenting patient concerns, patient messages, and care provided to the patient in the patient's medical record for the physician's review. Administering medications specifically directed by the physician and performing accurate vital sign measurements and documentation. The Medical Office Representative position is the first point of phone customer service contact. This position will provide excellent customer service through communications and appropriate distribution of phone calls and messages. The Medical Office Representative may also perform a variety of other duties including but not limited to collecting and updating demographics and insurance information, verification of health plan eligibility, taking complete and accurate messages, and scheduling mutually acceptable appointment times utilizing an electronic practice management system. The Medical Office Representative may also be asked to perform other clerical duties as needed and requested to support daily clinic operation goals, bench marks, and quality patient care initiatives per departmental guidelines. This position may have access to third party credit card information and transactional systems (cash registers, point of sale devices, applications supporting credit card transactions, and reports or other documents containing credit card information) from single transactions or a single card at a time.<br>
<br>
<b>Qualifications</b><br>
Six (6) month's experience in an outpatient setting as a Medical Assistant preferred. Six (6) month's experience in an outpatient setting as a Medical Office Receptionist preferred; or an equivalent amount of experience in a high-volume customer service role in another industry/environment; or 6 months experience as a Phone Receptionist or Health Information Associate within Dignity Health Medical Foundation. Have current Basic Life Support (BLS) Certification for Health Care Providers (includes AED training) through the American Heart Association (AHA) and maintain BLS Certification while employed. Impact of Decisions: Serious impact on patient relationships, patient outcomes, physician efficiency, stewardship of clinic resources, and our image in the community. Internal/External Contacts: Patients, physicians and other clinic staff, internal and external laboratory and imaging staff, hospital staff, patient family members and vendors. Supervision: Reports to the department Supervisor; does not supervise others. Skills/Knowledge: Excellent interpersonal, organizational, and customer service skills are essential. Medical terminology, familiarity with CPT and ICD-9 coding procedures and reference tools, and pharmacology appropriate to the Medical Assistant scope of practice is essential. Keyboarding skills and the ability to utilize computer equipment and software are required as is experience with other types of standard office equipment. Familiarity with an electronic practice management system is preferred. Experience with multi-line phones/ACD phones preferred. Have and maintain an MA Certificate through an accredited aschool.</p></div>