<h2>Automotive Used Car Manager - Arlington Heights, Illinois, US</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">Used Car Manager Are you looking for a challenging Used Car Manager career with a company with excellent benefits and competitive pay?
<br><br>
Candidates must possess superior people skills and excellent communication skills as this will involve active, hands on working with customers and appraisals, negotiations on pricing, grounding of lease returns, lease retention and service customer appraisals. Responsibilities include Pre owned inventory management, working with the wholesale disposition of vehicles and wholesale purchase of vehicles. Must be familiar with appraising tools. Job Responsibilities: Recruit, train, manage, and direct Sales Team. Assist individual sales reps in setting aggressive, yet realistic monthly sales goals. Explains the policies and procedures of the dealership to sales employees, follows up with employees to verify their understanding and compliance. Promotes an enthusiastic attitude to build positive employee attitudes and morale. Set an example of professionalism through daily actions and appearance. Creates cost-effective advertising programs and merchandising strategies for the dealership. Oversees monthly financial statements to ensure they are complete, accurate and submitted on time to upper management/dealership owners. Approves all paperwork from auctions and provides proper documentation to the office for purchases. Ensures that cosmetic and mechanical reconditioning is performed within the dealership's cost and time limitations. Conducts daily and weekly sales and sales training meetings. Understands, keeps abreast of, and complies with federal, state, and local regulations that affect used-vehicle sales. Maintains vehicle inventory. Monitors customers' likes and dislikes, lost sales, and dealership sales history, and conducts local market analyses to determine which vehicles to stock.
<br><br>
<b>Job Requirements:</b><br>
<b>Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:</b> Ideal candidates must possess a strong management background and excellent customer service skills Five years of previous experience as an Automotive Pre-Owned Sales Manager in a dealership is required Be proficient with dealership DMS, CRM, and inventory management/appraisal tools. Experience with pricing and marketing used vehicles via online sites Experience with the use of online auctions: buying and selling. Experience with factory certified programs Strong leadership and organizational skills, and the ability to understand profit and loss statements, are requirements for success. Basic MS Office knowledge; computer software and internet proficiency. Excellent verbal/written communication, strong negotiation and presentation skills. Valid driver’s license with a clean driving record. Willing to undergo a background check, drug testing, and MVR check as part of the pre-employment process. What's in it for you? When you join our organization, you'll enjoy comprehensive training, competitive compensation, and unparalleled benefits. Simply put, you'll experience the best that a career in the automotive industry has to offer. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by people assigned to this work. This is not an exhaustive list of all duties and responsibilities. We reserve the right to amend and change responsibilities to meet business and organizational needs as necessary. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and a drug free workplace. We Would Really Like To Hear From You! Apply By Clicking The "Apply Now" Button</div>