<h2>Account Executive, Data Center - Seattle, WA</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">#### Position Description: As an Account Executive for Lenovo's Data Center Group (DCG), you’ll be responsible for delivering net new account wins across the Corporate segment with an emphasis on Server-Storage-Networking. You will drive not only revenue, but profit as well to position our company for continued growth and success. You will champion the innovative power of our products to make large enterprise companies more productive, collaborative and trans formative. You will understand Lenovo’s portfolio of award-winning products and develop strategies to help new and existing enterprise customers find and implement the best solutions. Within each account you will have opportunity for selling solutions from our entire portfolio, Servers, Storage, services, DCG software, networking and servers. This is a client facing, acquisition sales role requiring deep industry experience, the ability to identify, cultivate, and close net new business, and expertise working large deals at the C level. We are looking for a hunter with a successful and proven track record to take their career, and the territory, to the next level. The position is work from home. The successful candidate will be located in the Greater Seattle area. The candidate will have extensive large enterprise and Server-Storage-Networking sales experience in the Greater Seattle area. Key Responsibilities: • Independently identify, develop, and close new large enterprise opportunities within the territory across multiple verticals • Achieve revenue and profitability objectives for Lenovo while driving growth across multiple product sets • Independently develop, implement, and execute an effective sales strategy to achieve sales goals • Develop C level relationships and serve as a trusted consultant to customers • Understand and adapt to Lenovo’s ongoing product and services developments • Lead a cross functional team within the company to keep deals moving through the funnel • Act as a Client Executive and coordinate peer specialist customer engagement across our server, workstation, and server groups, among others • Ensure that our customers receive world class sales and customer service • Effectively and consistently use Salesforce.com and other reporting tools to track key sales metrics and consistently meet those metrics At $53B in global sales, in over 160 countries, Lenovo is a collection of highly skilled and talented people doing what we do best: producing the very best in world-class products. From personal computers and tablets, to cell phones, applications and servers. Everyone here at Lenovo is an integral part of the company, working together, across continents, cultures and innovations, all comprised in a friendly, fast-paced, work environment that focuses on one common goal: to be known as the best in what we DO. We're looking to add fresh, talented individuals who are self-motivated and desire boundless opportunities, to join us. Come share in the discoveries that are forged from our shared achievements at Lenovo as we drive the next generation in technology. *This position can be based anywhere around Seattle. WA #### Position Requirements: Position Requirements: • BA/BS degree or equivalent professional work experience. • 7+ years of successful Enterprise technology sales is required. Preferred skills: • Demonstrated track record of top performance with multi-million dollar quota. • Executive relationship within account set within target market • Proven experience dealing with C-level executives • Proven ability to develop strategies to penetrate and sell to large companies. • Ability to travel to any or all customer sites when appropriate. • Deep knowledge of enterprise customer set in designated territory</div>