<h2>Grocery Manager</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">The Southwest Division has an opening for a Grocery Manager at Store 1201 in Phoenix, AZ.
<br><br>
<b>PURPOSE:</b> Exemplifies strong customer service in every aspect of the job. Directs and controls the operation of the Grocery Department, including supervising and training personnel to achieve departmental and store sales and profit objectives. Provides feedback and recommendations on operational issues and personnel decisions to Store Director and Division management. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: * Champions corporate and division customer service programs to meet or exceed division customer service goals. Instills a culture of excellent customer service in the department and throughout the store. * Responsible for total store operations and directing associates throughout the store, as well as department managers, in the absence of or as needed by the Store Director (see Store Director job description). * Primary duty is management of the Grocery Department. In that regard, plans, organizes and directs day-to-day operations of the Grocery department, including dairy and frozen food sections. Conducts daily inspections of all Grocery sections and initiates corrective measures to ensure compliance with product quality and product rotation standards. Maintains in stock conditions, and ensures compliance with code date standards; cleanliness, sanitation and safety standards; and security requirements. Controls pricing by following established division pricing guidelines, and ensuring compliance with the coupon and discount policies. * Implements Company and Division operating and merchandising policies and practices. Controls merchandise shrink. Supervises and participates in store inventory counts. Establishes Grocery Department operating procedures as required for implementation of Company policies, Division directives and Store Director instructions. Implements emergency procedures in the event of equipment and computer software malfunctions or failure. * Orders grocery product and maintains inventory levels according to Division directives. Supervises the processing of all reclamation. Maintains orderly and in stock conditions in back room, sales floor and all grocery department areas. * Supervises receiving, storing, stocking, pricing and merchandising of all Grocery products. May utilize hand trucks, pallet jacks and the bailer. Properly accounts for merchandise received. Handles positive customer and vendor relations. Engages in suggestive selling and other sales techniques. Monitors daily log sheet, purchase report, actual versus projected sales and labor. * Prepares and displays appropriate product signage. * Under supervision of the Store Director, directs the work of all Grocery Department associates. Schedules Grocery Department associates to ensure adequate coverage and service levels. Directs, motivates, trains and participates in the hiring of all Grocery Department personnel. Ensures that all associates are instructed in the proper performance of work duties and are knowledgeable about Company policies and procedures. * Monitors associate performance and effectively recommends personnel action such as hiring, firing, layoff, promotion, demotion, and disciplinary action. Builds and maintains associate morale. Resolves associate complaints where appropriate and reports action taken to the Store Director. Immediately reports any potential serious policy violations, for matters including but not limited to working off the clock, harassment, food safety and sanitation, discrimination, etc., to the Store Director and assists in appropriate handling. Identifies and trains associates with high potential for advancement opportunities. * Understands the store and Grocery Department Profit and Loss statement, and plans department promotions accordingly. Frequently communicates sales goals, department performance and sales opportunities to department associates to ensure positive results. * Answers and responds to incoming telephone calls appropriately. Receives and appropriately resolves customer complaints and reports to the Store Director as appropriate. * Maintains confidentiality concerning associates, store sales, and Company information. Maintains accurate department records. * Responsible for performing all job duties with honesty and integrity and in compliance with Company policies and procedures. * Attends required training and sales meetings. * Provides feedback and recommendations to Store Director or District Manager and Division management teams on operational issues. PHYSICAL AND GENERAL REQUIREMENTS: * Requires an extensive retail background with prior management experience related to retail operations. Requires a thorough understanding of overall Company practices, policies and procedures. RLD 1 and/or RLD 2 graduate preferred. * Requires strong written and oral communication skills, good leadership and interpersonal skills, the proven ability to manage people and the ability to maintain composure in dealing with customers and co-workers. Knowledge of employment laws and workplace practices. Interacts effectively with all levels of personnel. * Strong business and financial knowledge. * Requires the ability to identify needs, problems, and opportunities and to make effective short and long term plans and implement them to maximize sales and gross margins. Requires knowledge of every position in the store. Requires knowledge of basic math and accounting and computer software. Requires knowledge of and compliance with state and federal regulations. Must have extensive working knowledge of profit and loss statements. Must be familiar with emergency plans in the event of a natural disaster, serious accident or uncommon event(s) * While primary duty is the performance of office and non-manual work, must occasionally perform manual work such as setting up and maintaining displays, operating a cash register and assisting in other departments as business needs demand. Must stand and walk for long periods of time. Must occasionally reach, lift, stack and maneuver objects of varying dimensions and weights up to approximately 50 lbs. Must occasionally push and pull fully loaded hand trucks and pallet jacks. Must be able to cover for various positions throughout the store as required. * Mental alertness is required to ensure safe, accurate completion of work activities and to do repetitious work accurately. * May utilize cleaning supplies and safety cutters. * Occasional travel, including overnight travel, may be required. May be required to work nights, weekends and holidays. Scheduled hours will vary. Regular attendance is required. * Complies with and ensures compliance with Company grooming standards and dress code. WORK ENVIRONMENT * May occasionally be exposed to temperatures of approximately -20째 Fahrenheit, 28째 Fahrenheit, 35째 Fahrenheit, while handling products in freezers, coolers and display cases and temperatures of up to 400째 Fahrenheit while handling products in ovens, hot cases and fryers. Working conditions consist of a temperature controlled store environment. Occasional exposure to outdoor environment with varying temperatures. Disclaimer: The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by associates assigned to this job classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and skills required of personnel so classified. The Company is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to compliance with its obligations under all applicable state and federal laws prohibiting employment discrimination. In keeping with this commitment, it attempts to reasonably accommodate applicants and employees in accordance with the requirements of the disability discrimination laws. It also invites individuals with disabilities to participate in a good faith, interactive process to identify reasonable accommodations that can be made without imposing an undue hardship. WHY YOU WANT TO JOIN US Safeway has always been a people business, and thoughtful people practices remain a core element of our company's philosophy. As friendly, enthusiastic individuals who enjoy offering customers an exceptional shopping experience, we provide world-class customer service each and every day. * Safeway provides a variety of benefits including: * Great pay * Flexible schedule * Training * Opportunities for career development * Health and welfare benefits for eligible employees
<br><br>
<b>Salary:</b> TBD</div>