<h2>Senior LabVIEW Test Engineer</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText"><div>
<p><b>Org Marketing Statement</b>
</p>With annual sales of $14.3 billion in fiscal year 2019, Parker Hannifin is the world's leading diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision-engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The company has operations in 50 countries around the world. Parker has increased its annual dividends paid to shareholders for 63 consecutive fiscal years, among the top five longest-running dividend-increase records in the S&amp;P 500 index.<p><b>
Essential Functions</b>
</p>Position Summary: As an integral part of product development, the LabVIEW Specialist - Test Engineer evaluates products by designing user friendly LabVIEW based data acquisition systems as well as functional tool-sets to conduct a variety of performance, environmental and operational tests to ensure product specifications are met. Conducts and ensures accuracy of research and tests of component parts, processes, or systems. Coordinates qualification and research and development test programs of diverse/difficult scope and complexity. Scope/Supervision and Interaction: ____ Has Direct Reports _X__ Does Not Have Direct Reports Essential Functions: 1. Determines test objectives and overall testing requirements of diverse/difficult scope and complexity by studying product characteristics, customer requirements, and government regulations, conferring with management and design teams. 2. Meets test objectives by LabVIEW based data acquisition testing methods, phases, and conditions. Ensures customer test criteria is correctly interpreted and applied by writing development and qualification test procedures and preparing technical reports and data sheets, 3. Conducts appropriate performance, life tests, environmental, structural, and operational tests for major or new programs and customers to validate product performance to customer design specifications. 4. Reports complex test outcomes by collecting, analyzing, interpreting, summarizing, and displaying data and recommending test changes when required. May be involved in setting LabVIEW based test criteria and methodology for product transfer from research and development to production. Provides test status and milestone charts to development teams and customers. 5. Consults with design engineers to solve complex problems in the development and qualification of new products. Devises tests to establish root cause of problems; participates in design reviews; analyzes and evaluates test data and characterizes product performance. 6. Assures test readiness and customer satisfaction by reviewing and signing-off LabVIEW based data acquisition systems, test fixture drawings, ordering special test equipment, and coordinating existing in-house test equipment. May develop and propose new analytical methods and techniques. Interfaces with outside test lab facilities to provide technical support for tests in progress, test rescheduling, test coordination, test failures, and test reports. 7. Interprets and analyzes test results. Investigates and resolves testing problems (e.g. data acquisition software, test equipment or process) and recommends alternative testing procedures or changes in methods. Confers with management, Test Technicians, Project Engineers, and/or Customer Engineers on revisions to test objectives, methods, and standards. 8. Refines and enhances products and process by applying continuous improvement and lean manufacturing/production principles and techniques to critical areas of production. May lead special projects for a variety of products and processes. 9. Administers and maintains a test information database to ensure efficient storage and retrieval of relevant data. May develop information requirements and design criteria for information systems (e.g. a searchable electronic database of all test data). 10. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending LabVIEW workshops, reviewing technical publications, benchmarking industry best practices, and/or participating in professional associations. 11. Complies with federal, state, and aerospace industry regulations. Maintains safe test environment by enforcing and complying with procedures, rules, regulations, and industry standards. 12. May provide mentorship to others in department. Acts as prime contact on high level projects. Establishes goals and objectives required to complete projects. Trains and mentors less experienced employees in LabVIEW systems. 13. Shares specialized knowledge with others. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Work assignments may include cross-functional or project team responsibilities (e.g. continuous improvement). Collaborating in a team environment performs routine design and supports development of assigned products (e.g. new mechanical or electromechanical components, subsystems, and systems) by applying as directed basic engineering principles.<p><b>
Qualifications</b>
</p>Education and Experience: Bachelors degree (BS) in engineering or a related technical discipline or 10+ years of demonstrated experience, and demonstrated ability to perform the essential functions of the job typically acquired through six or more years of related experience. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Thorough knowledge of test engineering theories, LabVIEW strategy &amp; utilization principles, industry practices, procedures, concepts, techniques, regulations, and policies. Ability to read both electronic and pneumatic schematics. Working knowledge of data acquisition systems, electronic, hydraulic, and/or pneumatic test equipment, military specifications and test procedures. Ability to apply broad knowledge of other related engineering areas to area of expertise and ability to physically work on test equipment and test setups. Ability to assess and effectively implement continuous improvement principles and techniques. Ability to use industry best practices for LabVIEW and specialized data analysis tools that may include database, network, or project management applications. Ability to work on technical problems of diverse scope and complexity where analysis and evaluation of various outcomes require trade-offs; solve a wide range of difficult problems in imaginative and practical ways and evaluate alternative solutions that may require coordination across multiple teams. Ability to establish goals and objectives to complete projects and provide status to the team at project milestones; effectively exert influence on the overall team and function objectives; read, analyze, and interpret policies, military specifications, and customer requirements and recommend changes to procedures. Ability to effectively communicate and present information to team members, team leaders, vendors, other teams, customers, and top management; respond to significant inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community. Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions; to provide leadership to others in area of specialization and effectively act as the prime contact on high level projects.</div></div>