<h2>Buyer IV</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">This is a procurement position to coordinate, source and purchase of materials, parts, equipment, and services for the organization on a global basis. The position requires significant interaction with various internal departments to defining sourcing requirements. This includes supplier selection, contract negotiation, procurement, and development and administration of supplier management and processes and procedures. Responsible for planning, directing and controlling a diverse infrastructure for hardware and services supply base. Support the contract process including solicitation, supplier evaluation, price negotiation and drafting of financial terms, deliverables, and conditions for all supplier agreements. Must have the organizational skills necessary to handle multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize workload to maximize productivity and efficiency. Identify appropriate sourcing channels for procurement of hardware and software required to support Technology Infrastructure globally. Prepares competitive bid documents, requests for quotations, to include specifications, supporting spreadsheets, bid comparisons, award and rejection notifications and approves purchase orders. Reviews, approves, and processes pre-approved purchasing requests for goods or services to ensure compliance with the company's procurement procedures and user requirements. Works with manufacturers to identify appropriate sourcing channels both domestically and internationally. Provides interpretation, support and administration for contractual issues working with Legal team, business owners, and suppliers to resolve business issues and ensure organization’s interests are appropriately protected. Establish and maintain strong working relationships with vendors to manage contracts more effectively. Execute Purchase Orders in compliance with corporate policies and procedures. Process RFP and negotiate on behalf of the organization. Provide support to Accounting and Financial Planning to resolve expense coding issues, understanding terms, and monitoring delivery of goods and services. Must be effective at problem resolution and able to implement permanent and effective change in areas such as, on-time deliveries, invoice referrals &amp; shipping errors. Minimum 4-6 years’ experience; CPSM or comparable certification preferred. B.A. or B.S. in related field. Good understanding of commercial contract processes and/or basic legal drafting and negotiation concepts; General knowledge of IT and/or Telecommunications industry Strong negotiating skills. Exceptional communication skills, strong project management/team leadership skills. Ability to interface effectively at all levels of organization, including the executive level; Excellent skills in Excel, Word, MS Project and SharePoint International sourcing experiences a plus. Experience in SAP Systems.</div>