<h2>Welder 2nd Shift</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">
<div>
<p><b>Org Marketing Statement</b>
</p>With annual sales of $14.3 billion in fiscal year 2019, Parker Hannifin is the world's leading diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision-engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The company has operations in 50 countries around the world. Parker has increased its annual dividends paid to shareholders for 63 consecutive fiscal years, among the top five longest-running dividend-increase records in the S&amp;P 500 index.<p><b>
Essential Functions</b>
</p>Position Summary: Performs manual welding utilizing standard process methods and equipment on various types of stainless steels in the fabrication or repair of assigned parts and products. Performs job under direct supervision or guidance of more experienced team member. Primary Responsibilities/Essential Functions: 1. Performs a variety of approved welding techniques to required tolerances per engineering specifications. 2. Reads, interprets and understands product and process drawings, procedures, weld symbols, and quality requirements and applies this to work performed. 3. Makes adjustments, within procedural limits, to fine-tune the process in order to achieve product conformance. 4. Documents and logs all parts as necessary and maintains all required paperwork in an accurate and current manner. 5. Accurately inspects and appropriately processes all work performed. Secondary Responsibilities/Non Essential Functions: 1. Maintains work area and equipment in an organized, clean and FOD-free manner 2. Obtains and maintains all required qualifications and certifications in stainless steels and Inconel. 3. Maintains a satisfactory high level of performance while following appropriate procedures and observing all pertinent safety rules and requirements 4. Maintains appropriate knowledge and ability levels to efficiently perform all assigned work and utilizes this knowledge base to become proficient on new/unfamiliar assignments 5. Gains ability to perform basic set-up 6. Actively implements lean initiatives by identifying and providing suggestions on areas for improvement. Effectively applies lean concepts and tools in work area. 7. Observes all company policies and procedures, including safety rules, and maintains a clean and orderly work area. Note: This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties as required to meet the ongoing needs of the organization<p><b>
Qualifications</b>
</p>Qualifications (relevant experience, education and training): 1. Requires High School diploma or equivalent and one to three years of verifiable welding experience including, TIG welding for stainless, Inconel, and titanium. Gas tungsten arc welding (GTAW) experience with aerospace or precision fabrications desired. Completion of welding training program through vocational school or apprenticeship is desired. Able to work with limited guidance in a team environment. 2. Must be AWS D17.1 certified within 6 months of employment 3. Ability to complete gas tungsten arc welding (GTAW) of stainless steels, at varied thicknesses, dimensions, and positions. 4. Ability to successfully complete rework in a timely fashion. 5. Ability to support stanchion set up and stanchion welding. 6. Ability to weld components from mechanical drawings, blueprints and written specifications 7. Ability to interpret weld requirements from blueprints, and written specifications 8. Knowledge of wire and filler materials applications for various stainless steel alloys 9. Ability to perform basic mathematical calculations 10. Ability to read, write and understand instructions, procedures, drawings and blueprints 11. Must be able to successfully weld Type 321 stainless steel thin wall tubing with an average wall thickness of approximately 0.028”-0.035” with diameters ranging from approximately 0.250” up to 1.5”; and eventually be able to weld Inconel, Titanium, and/or Aluminum. 12. Must be able to successfully pass a vision exam to acceptable standards (with corrective lenses). NEAR VISION: Jaeger 1 at 12 inches or greater. Titmus 2a Vision Screener. FAR VISIONa: 20/25 or better – Titmus2a Vision Schreener. COLOR PERCEPTION: Average / Normal – Titmus 2a Vision Screener or the Ishihara Test Book of color blindness. 13. Able to effectively apply lean initiatives. 14. Demonstrates effective verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills, as well as the ability to work in a team environment. 15. Interprets reports and uses job specific software applications. Able to use employee self-service systems to access on-line information and use specialized automated systems (i.e., PMR, TORS, e-mail). 16. Effectively demonstrates team member competencies and participates in goal setting, performance feedback, and self-development activities. Typical Mental and Physical Demands: While performing the duties of this job, the employee must be able to constantly remain in a stationary position. The person in this position seldom needs to move about inside the plant to access materials and machinery. The employee is occasionally required to reposition him/herself to operate equipment or move about parts and materials. The person constantly operates welding equipment and machinery. The employee occasionally moves or transports materials and parts weighing up to 25 pounds around the plant. Employees in this job constantly are exposed to Argon Gas and extreme heat. (The essential functions have been provided as examples of types of work performed by team members assigned to this job classification. The Company reserves the right to modify work assignments and/or to make reasonable accommodations so that qualified team members can perform the essential functions of the job. The physical and mental demands described above are representative of those required to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.)</div>
<p></p>
</div>