<h2>Marketing Communications Specialist 2</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">This position is responsible for the implementation of campaigns within Salesforce Marketing Cloud, which includes building and testing email templates, custom emails, and other campaign elements and ensure campaign is functional, optimized across all touch points and devices, aligns with branding standards, and is flawlessly executed. This includes building a high volume of emails for campaigns, including one-off emails sends and complex journeys. Responsibilities include sourcing/collecting content from internal resources, adding to email templates, testing individual emails internally and with clients, and optimizing delivery. This position may produce briefs for emails and email templates and work closely with Creative Services team to build email templates and campaign elements that align with best practices. Position may also work with Creative Services team to track/oversee the delivery of all necessary assets for specific campaigns. Position must maintain an understanding of customer data model and audience strategies to assist with audience targeting strategies. This includes the creation and segmentation of customer lists for campaigns by segmenting data within CRM and Marketing Automation Software and ensuring data consistency across platforms. This position must understand the effectiveness of campaigns by reviewing campaign data from marketing automation software to provide analysis, which includes collating and delivering specific insights and recommendations to manager. Also responsible for providing training and support for marketing coordinators and other marketing staff with email development responsibilities. In addition, must maintain an understanding of connected systems, including Salesforce CRM, as well as keeping a pulse on marketing automation and digital marketing trends and best practices. Typically requires a Bachelor's degree or higher plus two years of related experience, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. This position requires a high level of self-direction and personal accountability and ability to work in a deadline focused, dynamic environment, and consistently produce deliverables within agreed upon timelines. In addition, candidate must be highly organized with excellent time management skills, and the ability to shift priorities and multi-task in order to meet aggressive deadlines. In addition, this position requires strong understanding email marketing, including best practices and response optimization techniques. In addition, position should have a working knowledge of HTML, CSS, Excel and Google Analytics.</div>