<h2>Accounting Customer Service - Fort Worth - Arlington - Fort Worth - Arlington, Texas, US</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">Headquartered in Calgary, AB, Canada and in business for over 25 years; PBS is the third largest DMS (Dealership Management System) provider to the North American retail automotive industry. We are unique in the industry because we view our customers as business partners, technology innovators, and friends. PBS Software is a true windows based platform boasting ease of use and training while fully featured to support our customer experience. Our software can run all aspects of an automotive dealership with sales, service, inventory management and accounting modules to keep things moving at a steady pace. The Role: PBS Systems is looking for an enthusiastic and organized individual to join our PBS Client Services Support team in its ACCOUNTING division. This role will be based initially in our office in FORT WORTH however will be moving to our new offices in ARLINGTON by the end of the year. The successful candidate must be willing and available to follow the company in this move. As an Accounting Client Support Analyst you will provide excellent software support to our new and existing customers on our Dealer Management software for the Automotive Industry by delivering immediate solutions and services or escalating if necessary to other departments. You will be responsible for assisting customers who call in to support center, this might be in the form of troubleshooting, assisting with process, taking feedback regarding bugs or enhancements or supporting the implementation teams by visiting the customer site for new software install training. This is an entry-level position that provides you with the opportunity to expand your knowledge in a growing and established company. You are quick to respond and are very proactive in planning and organizing your overall tasks. The ideal candidate is organized, customer service oriented and is a self-starter, will have a passion for technology and thrive on a changing landscape
<br><br>
<b>Job Requirements:</b><br>
<b>Job Responsibilities:</b> Provide excellent support to our customers in the Accounting side of our software Support and troubleshoot issues that are both called in and emailed to the Support team Write up tickets and investigate issues that arise Be able to fulfill data requests and communicate those setups to both the vendor and internally Escalate issues to the corresponding teams Work with internal staff to help investigate or find answers for those who are on-site Maintain documentations and update as processes change within installs and data transfers Responds to both internal and external support requests in a timely manner. Assists the Install teams in implementing the new software at the dealership’s Service Department Works directly with customers for training and support. Be able to talk about and be able to navigate our DMS Software to be able to better assist. We will provide ongoing training on the software and different disciplines within the company Job Requirements: Previous ACCOUNTING experience (Mandatory). Formal Accounting education is desirable. Excellent communication skills Customer focus / Excellent Customer Service skills Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite/COMPUTER ORIENTED Available to travel 1-2 weeks per month Problem Solving &amp; Trouble Shooting Skills Strong Documentation Abilities Effective Time Management &amp; Organization Strong Multi-tasking &amp; Prioritization Available to work nonstandard hours starting at 5:30, 7:30 or 9:30am and occasionally Saturday and/or Sunday. Willingness to commitment to an ongoing system of education and cross-training. Previous Experience in the Automotive Industry or Dealership Environment Willing and capable to follow the company in our move from Fort Wort to Arlington What we offer: Exciting work environment and product Full technical support and training Full time permanent role Competitive base salary. Benefits and incentives Growth opportunities PBS Systems thanks all applicants for their interest, however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. PBS Systems is an employment-equity employer. Candidates who require accommodations throughout the recruitment process please contact the Recruiting Department</div>