<h2>Strategic Account Executive</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">Strategic Account Executive RCN, a growing leader in telecommunications is seeking dynamic individuals to join our strategic sales team. We are a leading provider of Bandwidth infrastructure, Business voice, data and video services focused on solution selling strategies. The Strategic Sales Executive will focus on key verticals within the Eastern region and will be charged with selling the full complement of RCN Enterprise business services. The ideal candidate will manage the following: • Complex voice/data enterprise network accounts involving Network infrastructure, network design and custom applications. • Carrying out consultative selling, account planning and account Management with a strong emphasis on customer service. • Synthesizing abstract concepts into solutions. • Working closely with Project Management and Operations in pre-sale and post-sale activities. • Help lead the Company’s lit fiber sales initiatives, with CLECS, IS, certificated carriers and businesses as assigned. This position will focus on new customer acquisition while fostering relationships with existing Enterprise accounts to leverage into new opportunities. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter with strengths in networking, prospecting, relationship building, contract negotiating and closing techniques. Education &amp; Experience: • High School Diploma or General Education Degree (GED), College experience preferred Requirements: • 5 years sales experience, preferred • Excellent verbal / written communications skills • Prior experience in maintaining successful / ongoing business partner relationships with customer base • Outstanding Organizational skills • Experience in implementing Sales process improvement programs • Strong management / leadership experience in managing sales / operations teams • Experience in developing and support of compensation plans • Strong working knowledge and experience with Excel, PowerPoint, Word We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.</div>