<h2>Logistics Team (Receiving, Stock Room & Shipping)</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText"><div>
<p><b>Parker</b>
</p>Founded in 1917, Parker Hannifin Corporation is a $14.3 billion, global company. With annual sales of $14.3 billion in fiscal year 2018, Parker Hannifin is the world's leading diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision-engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial and aerospace markets. The company has operations in 50 countries around the world. Parker has increased its annual dividends paid to shareholders for 62 consecutive fiscal years, among the top five longest-running dividend-increase records in the S&amp;P 500 index. Parker’s engineering expertise and broad range of core technologies uniquely positions the company to solve some of the world’s greatest engineering challenges. By partnering with customers, Parker improves their productivity and profitability and seeks new ways to solve humanity's biggest challenges. Position Summary With limited guidance in a team environment, responsible for performing a variety of product support duties of moderate scope and complexity while following and assisting in the development of procedures and processes in all of the following functions per B00248 (Logistics – Receiving, Stockroom and Shipping): stockroom, raw stock, parts identification, shipping, receiving, stockroom, clean operations, etc. Job Responsibilities: Stockroom • Receive material, check and identify parts by type or part number. • Prepare parts for storage and place stock in proper location as directed. • Select parts from stock to fill orders according to parts lists. • Perform cycle inventory count. • Maintain, update and access necessary records utilizing a computer. • Responsible for releasing requisitions, editing requisitions, filling shortages and deleting requisitions. Raw Stock • Receive incoming raw stock and verify material against documentation for identification and accuracy of quantity. • Load and unload trucks and move raw material to the proper location. • Identify and code raw materials and operate saw to cut stock to dimensional specifications. • Perform minor repair of equipment. • Report critical shortages and/or problems to appropriate organizations. • Issue jobs per schedule and update shop floor, MRP and other systems. Parts Identification • Identify parts using the proper identification methods and equipment indicated by the traveler and/or blueprint. • Lay out exact dimensions and locations on the parts for identification markings. Shipping • Prepare parts and/or materials to assure safe handling for shipment including the completion of the necessary paperwork and shipping records. • Prepare packaging per specifications for shipment including computer input for necessary labels, forms and shipping records. • Interpret shipping instructions as referenced on company documents or customer specifications or standards related to preservation and packing. • Prepare stencils and mark shipments in a legible manner. • Prepare air bills, bills of lading and sales order forms for the carrier and company records. • Contact carriers for dispatching shipments, establishing rates or tracing follow-up information. Receiving • Receive shipments at receiving dock and forward materials to the appropriate team. • Weigh or count incoming/outbound parts or materials. • Perform data input to update system records and verify all documents for completeness and accuracy. Clean Operations • Observe all prescribed safety rules and maintain a neat and orderly, FOD free work area. Additional Responsibilities • Actively participate in department problem solving, lean events and high performance teams. • Actively maintain 5S in the department. Other duties as required to assist the team leader. Job Requirements • Must possess a High School Diploma or equivalent • Minimum of three years related product support experience and demonstrated ability to perform described position responsibilities. • May be required to be operate moving equipment and saw equipment and meet OSHA safety qualifications. • May require forklift operator certificate. • Good level of knowledge and experience with computers including software packages and mainframe systems. • Must demonstrate manual dexterity. • Ability to perform basic mathematical calculations. • Ability to read and understand related forms and specifications. • May be required to lift up to 50 lbs. • Must demonstrate effective verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills. • Ability to work effectively with others and be a participative team player. • May be required to post and report on Team Improvement Board metrics. Parker is an equal opportunity employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws. "Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran/VEVRAA Federal Contractor." If you would like more information about Equal Employment Opportunity as an applicant under the law, please got to www.eeoc.gov.</div></div>