<h2>Sales Enablement Intern: Summer 2020</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">Additional Information GENERAL SUMMARY: Syniverse is looking for enthusiastic interns to join our organization for the summer season. Syniverse is a global organization that sits at the center of the mobile ecosystem, where it connects 7 billion mobile devices and enables businesses to securely connect, communicate, and transact with their customers to drive growth in the age of digital transformation. We accomplish this by processing billions of transactions every day and settling approximately $15 billion annually for mobile service providers. For 30 years, Syniverse has been simplifying complexity to deliver the promise of mobility – a simple, interoperable experience, anytime, anywhere. Our competitive intern program is a robust experience that offers you exposure to the business world through a meaningful work experience. As an intern you will support a critical function of the organization and aid them in driving our current strategy. You will be tasked with a project or problem statement to tackle during your time. At the end of your internship journey, you will have the opportunity to present your findings or solutions to your team and various leaders within the organization. You will also have the opportunity to learn more about other areas of the business through various company activities. INTERNSHIP LOGISTICS Location: Tampa, FL Duration: 12 to 15 weeks paid with a possible stipend for housing depending on relocation distance. Hours: 40/hrs a week for the duration of the program GENERAL JOB REQUIREMENTS FOR ALL INTERNSHIPS: Working toward a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in one of the following areas: Computer Science, Business Administration, Marketing, Cyber Security, Information Technology, Accounting, or related business/STEM field Interest in working in the Technology/Telecommunications Industry Strong organizational skills Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Experience working in a team environment Excellent verbal and written communication Comfortable in a fast paced, evolving environment Self-driven Additional job description SALES ENABLEMENT Sales Enablement is the process of providing the sales organization with the information, content, and tools that help sales people sell faster and more effectively, while successfully engaging the buyer throughout the buying process. Responsibilities may include: Helping to communicate and solicit new sales content, various reporting activities, and general sales support. Additional requirements: Ability to prioritize tasks effectively Ability to participate in cross functional collaboration Creative thinker that can share ideas for organization and communication Preferred Skills: Previous user experience with SalesForce or another sales CRM</div>