<h2>Technical Support Engineer Level 2</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText"><div>We are looking for a Technical Support Engineer that is hard-working and committed to customer success. The Technical Support Engineer (TSE) should be comfortable living in both the Support and Engineering environments; translating internal Engineering-speak into clear concise directions for customers and vice-versa. This is an excellent opportunity to join a dynamic and fun Technical Support team. You will have significant career growth and opportunity with a company that has grown 100% year over year for the past three years! The TSE is part of a team that is the first line of contact for customers experiencing issues with installation, configuration, operation and management of Carbon Black solutions. They are, in many ways, the post-sale “face of Carbon Black” and must be passionate about helping our customers solve problems. The TSE will field queries via phone, email and web portal of the CRM solution. Queries will range in complexity from “how to” questions through involved debugging and forensic efforts when tracking down operational anomalies. The ability to visualize problems remotely is key to being successful in this role along with excellent analytic and troubleshooting skills. We have an incredibly talented team and a performance based and collaborative culture. You will be able to learn from some extraordinary colleagues and leaders as well as bring your own talents and ideas to the team to help us continue to grow the offerings. Essential duties &amp; responsibilities: Provide exceptional customer service while responding to phone, e-mail and online requests for technical support Represent the customer to ensure serviceability and product quality issues are being tracked, prioritized, resolved, and incorporated into the product release cycle Assist customers in the installation and deployment of Carbon Black’s software products Track and monitor all support cases to ensure timely resolution and follow-up Clearly identify, document, and find solutions for customer issues and product problems Escalate critical customer situations to the appropriate level of management and engineering expertise Communicate technical issues and solutions to the engineering, QA, sales, and support teams as well as to the customer base Participate in Knowledge Centered Service training to become a licensed publisher and contribute to the company knowledge base Model Carbon Black core values: Accountability, Creativity/Resourcefulness, Energy/Passion, Leadership, Integrity/Honesty, Smart/Critical Thinking, Teaming Qualifications &amp; requirements: 3+ years relevant experience supporting a distributed software technology in a Windows and Mac, or Linux environment, ideally an agent based product Preferred OSX or Linux platform experience with supporting technologies/products Operational experience with MS SQL Server technologies Experience in the enterprise security space Experience supporting multiple, simultaneous engagements Familiarity with software distribution, patch management, and anti-viral technologies Good analysis and debugging skill Ability to function as an individual contributor and/or a member of a team Ability to work a day shift with possible responsibilities a few times a month for an on call after hours rotation<br>
<br>
<b>VMware Company Overview: </b>VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our cloud, mobility, and security software form a flexible, consistent digital foundation for securely delivering the apps, services and experiences that are transforming business innovation around the globe. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Shape what’s possible today at http://careers.vmware.com.<br>
<br>
<b>Equal Employment Opportunity Statement:</b> VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. Vmware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.</div></div>