<h2>Practice Leader</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText"><li>Supply Chain Operations Planning
Applied Decision Technologies, Inc. (www.ADecTec.com) is a dynamic and fast-growing
company located in Greater Atlanta, GA, with offices in Duluth, GA and India.
ADecTec provides management consulting and software-products for manufacturing and
service operations planning and business intelligence. Our solutions enable our customers to
save on operational costs and improve operational efficiencies by optimizing planning and
execution of multi-stage complex operations.
ADecTec is seeking to hire a Practice Leader in the area of Supply Chain Operations Planning.
Job Description:
Reporting to the CEO, the Practice Leader of Supply Chain Operations Planning will play an
instrumental role in growing revenue through the identification and development of new target
clients as well as management of existing client relationships. Our entrepreneurial culture
provides the opportunity to work collaboratively in a team-oriented environment to achieve
overall business objectives. Through a consultative approach, the Practice Leader will sell
ADecTec’s products and services to new and existing clients; clarify the scope of projects;
identify business solutions and manage project execution. In addition, this individual will
utilize their exceptional client relationship and communication skills to continually ensure
clients' expectations are being met and to identify future project initiatives.
Professional Experience:
 Minimum of ten (10) years of experience in consulting in the area of Supply Chain
Management with subject matter expertise in manufacturing and/or services operations
planning.
 Bachelor's degree is required
 Consulting experience with manufacturing and/or services companies
 Prior experience with Business Development/Sales of professional services; strong
professional network required
 Ability to sell strategic as well as diagnostic SCM services is a plus
If you are interested please send your resume immediately with salary expectations to
HR@ADECTEC.COM. Please put “SCM Leader” in the subject line.</li></div>