<h2>Retail - Operations Leader</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">The most exciting thing about Bargain Hunt is our growth!
<br><br>
<b>Operations Leader Reports to:</b> Store Leader
<br><b>Pay Type:</b> Salary (Exempt)
<br><b>Purpose:</b> The Operations Leader (OL) is a member of the Store Leadership Team who works collaboratively with the Store Leader to drive overall store performance, leads and directs the freight flow process, supervises backroom operations, ensures all markdowns are completed per company policy, and serves as Leader on Duty (LOD), as needed. The Operations Leader assists in creating and leading a team that is passionate about selling merchandise, customer service and executing the company’s vision. In the absence of the Store Leader, the OL is responsible for leading the store. The OL position involves hands-on work and oversight of others. The OL creates work assignments and checks quality, volume and speed of work. The OL will observe, assess, train and coach performance, as well as set an example for the pace of work and will contribute to the productivity of their assigned areas of responsibility.
<br><br>
<b>Essential Job Functions:</b><br>
Store Performance and General Operating Requirements • Works with Store Leader to ensure store meets financial targets and key metrics based on quarterly and annual plans. • Utilizes company reports to assess efficiency, analyze trends and identify opportunities for improvement. • Ensures proper scheduling of team members to meet business objectives. • Prioritizes, directs and monitors team member activity to maximize productivity. • Ensures all team members adhere to the company policies and procedures. • Ensures compliance with all State, Local and Federal regulations. • Accepts special assignments as directed by the Store Leader. Leadership and Development • Leads, directs and supervises the work of assigned team members within areas of responsibility. • Plans staffing needs and coordinates recruitment, selection and training. • Provides effective onboarding of new team members. • Regularly observes, assesses, interacts, coaches and counsels direct reports. • Identifies and develops high potential team members. • Fosters, grows and contributes to maintaining a respectful values-driven work environment. • Uses open communication tools to convert team member input into meaningful action. • Provides recognition and candid feedback. • Addresses complaints and resolves issues consistent with the company’s values, policies and procedures. Merchandise Flow and Markdown Management • Oversees the receiving and posting of trucks. • Urgently manages freight flow process to the sales floor within the expected company guidelines and timeframe. • Ensures that all disposal merchandise is properly processed. • Oversees the operation, organization and cleanliness of the backroom. • Ensures markdowns are completed and merchandised to company standards. Customer Service • Models company’s customer service expectations. • Oversees and coaches store team in providing efficient and friendly service. • Drives the customer experience and ensure resolution of customer issues. Leader on Duty Role • Responsible for opening and closing the store according to company policies. • Provides leadership and direction to store members and ensures that store, merchandising, and customer service standards are continuously met. • Adheres to the policies and procedures related cash pulls, bank deposits, refunds, employee purchases, overprice and damage discounts, securing tills and cash in safe, voids. • Reviews timesheets and performs edits for hourly team members as needed. • Receives Direct Store Deliveries and process in WITS. • Ensures responsibility for Front End operations when serving as LOD. Loss Prevention and Safety • Protects company assets by ensuring that any discrepancies are reported to the relevant partners. • Assists with training team members on Loss Prevention awareness and store shrink goals. • Maintains customer service presence on the sales floor with a heightened Loss Prevention awareness. • Assists in the completion of the store’s LP self-audit. • Assists in leading the inventory process including preparation and execution of inventory guidelines. • Maintains a high level of awareness on the sales floor to create a safe and secure shopping environment for everyone. • Responsible for customer and team member safety including accident prevention, accident reporting and emergency procedures. Job Qualifications: • High School diploma; Post- Secondary degree/diploma preferred. • Results-driven retail store management experience. • Able to demonstrate mastery of skills required for Team Leader-Softlines and Team Leader – Hardlines positions. • Proven ability to supervise and motivate team members at all levels. • Able to handle multiple tasks, prioritize those tasks, give direction and follow through to completion. • Strong mathematical and analytical skills. • Able to preserve confidentiality of information. • Able to effectively communicate information, both verbally and in written forms. • Able to observe, assess and coach the work of others. • Able to reason, make decisions, and use independent judgment in various situations. • Proven reliability and personal integrity. • Able to operate all tools and equipment to perform job. This includes: store computer, copier/scanner, software used by the company, physical security equipment including CCTV, cash register/scanner, Monarch price and Swiftach guns, box cutter, pallet jack and rolling merchandise carts.
<br><b>In addition to the above:</b> • Possess a valid Driver’s License. • May sometimes be required to drive to the bank to make deposits. • Will need to drive to meetings or other stores for business purposes with some overnight stays required periodically. • Required to work a minimum of 45 hours per week. • Will need to adjust work schedule to the needs of the business, including working some nights, weekends, holidays. • This is a full-time position that requires open availability. Physical Requirements: • Ability to move throughout all areas of the store; sales floor, receiving, register areas, including outside perimeter of the store. • Must be able to frequently lift and carry products weighing less than 5 lbs. Will occasionally need to lift and carry products weighing up to 50 lbs. Occasional pushing and pulling of racks/carts weighing 50 to 250 pounds. • Frequent reaching to various levels and directions to move product. • Possess dexterity for complex hand-eye tasks, including keyboarding and merchandise ticketing. • Continuous standing, frequent walking, bending and twisting and occasional kneeling needed to stock product. • Continuous needs to hear and verbally communicate in order to interact with and respond to others. Will need to hear requests in person and via walkie-talkie. • Will occasionally be exposed to hazardous solvents (cleaners, detergents), radiation (Microwave in break room), continuously exposed to dust.
<br><br>
Bargain Hunt is an equal employment opportunity employer and considers all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, or based on any individual’s status in any group or class protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. Bargain Hunt also provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state and local law. If you require an accommodation in the application process, please advise Human Resources.</div>