<h2>Additive Manufacturing Engineer</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">
<div>
<p><b>Department Marketing Statement</b>
</p>Parker Aerospace is a global leader in the research, design, integration, manufacture, certification, and lifetime service of flight control, hydraulic, fuel and inerting, fluid conveyance, thermal management, lubrication, and pneumatic systems and components for aerospace and other high-technology markets. The company supports the world’s aircraft manufacturers, providing a century of experience and innovation for commercial and military aircraft.<p><b>
Essential Functions</b>
</p>The Additive Manufacturing Engineer ensures timely and efficient completion of engineering projects to achieve company, customer, and product reliability and cost objectives. This role has overall responsibility for additive process including all secondary processes involved in the realization of product using the Laser Powder Bed Fusion (L- PBF) technology. Plans, schedules, and coordinates efforts of assigned project staff. Becomes a subject matter expert and serves as a technical advisor and coaches design engineers on realizing the full potential of additive manufacturing in their designs. Scope/Supervision and Interaction: Has Direct Reports _X Does Not Have Direct Reports This position may have indirect or matrix responsibility to guide the technical work of a team to achieve project milestones. Has regular and frequent internal interface to present project status; may be the primary contact with customer/suppliers for projects requiring coordination.<p><b>
Responsibilities</b>
</p>1. Completely understand, develop and improve the process value stream from powder-to-part centered around the L- PBF technology for the realization of product. The value stream will have the capability to mature into an industry 4.0 process. 2. Demonstrates a passion for adopting additive manufacturing technology as a production process 3. Develops and manages the high level infrastructure for the collection, management, transfer and storage of process data 4. Uses appropriate tools to analyze the overall process value stream, or experimental techniques to identify the process failure modes and sources of process variation. Develops, documents and implements a control strategy capable of meeting NADCAP requirements. Ensures consistent engineering standards, processes, and documentation methods are used in documenting the operating procedures. 5. Develops the TPM protocol including maintenance contracts for all equipment in the value stream with special regard to the laser system. 6. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing technical publications, benchmarking best practices, and contributing to professional societies and industry forums. 7. In case of failure, troubleshoots the overall process and implements a robust mitigation strategy. 8. Gains knowledge through experiential learning and becomes a subject matter expert in the L-PBF technology. Teaches and coaches less experienced engineers, peers and management on ways to realize the full potential of additive manufacturing. Identifies mentoring and development needs. 9. Develops statements of work for projects relevant to the value stream that are carried out by subcontractors or industry consortia partners. Plans, schedules, and manages project costs by regularly monitoring their expenses, approving quotes, and reviewing results. 10. Gains knowledge about the inherent safety issues and advises the enterprise on the proper infrastructure, and safety precautions that are required in operating the value stream 11. Advises management on L-PBF and ancillary equipment selection, and manages the procurement and proper installation of such equipment. 12. Maintains frequent formal/ informal interface with customers who use our additively manufactured product. Gains the confidence of the customer by the innovative application of additive manufacturing technology to satisfy their unmet needs. 13. Keeps management abreast of progress on various projects through timely reports, presentations and briefs. 14. Willingness to travel periodically (10-15%) to customers, industry conferences, and industry consortia meetings.<p><b>
Qualifications</b>
</p>• Bachelor degree (BS) in engineering; Masters degree (MS) preferred • Demonstrated knowledge in additive manufacturing of metals using laser powder bed fusion (LPBF), electron beam melting (EBM), selective laser sintering (SLS), or direct energy deposition (DED) • Familiarity with laser processes including optics, beam characterization, laser sources, process parameters and calibrations required • Familiarity with Six Sigma, Design of Experiments and process optimization in a manufacturing setting • Knowledgeable about model based engineering with an aptitude for design tools, computer aided modeling, model formats, data analysis, and computer aided manufacturing. • Exposure to digital manufacturing and familiarity with in-process data acquisition systems, sensor feedback, and controls • Ability to effectively communicate and present status, actions, recommendations, and other technical information with clarity and precision. Ability to maintain excellent relationships with by responding to significant inquiries from customers, regulatory agencies, marketing/sales teams or other internal customers. • Effective project management and organizational skills. Able to facilitate project team interactions and develop project team member capabilities. Adaptability and flexibility as part of a team. TYPICAL MENTAL AND PHYSICAL DEMANDS While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to sit. The employee frequently is required to use hands to operate a computer and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. Also expected of the employee is regular attendance, the ability to work cooperatively and professionally with others and members of the public, and the ability to manage multiple tasks at once. The employee may be required to travel to vendors or customers including overnight trips. (The essential functions have been provided as examples of types of work performed by employees assigned to this job classification. The Company reserves the right to modify the work assignments and/or to make reasonable accommodations so that qualified employees can perform the essential functions of the job. The physical and mental demands described above are representative of those required to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.)</div>
<p></p>
</div>