<h2>Buyer</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">
<div>
<p><b>Department Marketing Statement</b>
</p>Parker Aerospace is a global leader in the research, design, integration, manufacture, certification, and lifetime service of flight control, hydraulic, fuel and inerting, fluid conveyance, thermal management, lubrication, and pneumatic systems and components for aerospace and other high-technology markets. The company supports the world’s aircraft manufacturers, providing a century of experience and innovation for commercial and military aircraft.<p><b>
Essential Functions</b>
</p>Obtains the best quality, service, and value for products and services through effective bidding, negotiation, and supplier management. Identifies manufacturing needs, identifies and selects suppliers, negotiates contracts, and arranges delivery. Purchases a high volume and variety of parts, equipment, services, and materials.<p><b>
Responsibilities</b>
</p>1. Identifies and recommends suppliers by investigating potential suppliers, researching parts, equipment, machinery, services, and materials availability. Develops potential bidder list and initiates formal requests for quotation or proposal. 2. Conducts supplier site visits and evaluates them as to production capability, performance, delivery, and other key business criteria. May complete supplier certification independently or as part of a technical and/or quality team. 3. Purchases parts, equipment, and materials by preparing request for quotations and submitting purchase orders with approved suppliers. Issues purchase orders and agreements that accurately reflect price, schedule, terms, and conditions as negotiated with suppliers. Maintains accurate lead times for assigned commodities. 4. Evaluates bids for standard and non-standard items. Selects suppliers for a variety of moderately complex or technical materials, supplies or services and negotiates price, delivery, quality and service. Develops alternate sources of supply by identifying and researching prospective suppliers. 5. Monitors and evaluates supplier performance. Advises appropriate personnel of impending supplier failure to fulfill contractual agreements that may delay production or delivery. Resolves shipment quality discrepancies by mediating supplier/manufacturing issues. Facilitates inspections, substitutions, and standardization by arranging and participating in conferences between suppliers and company personnel. 6. Negotiates and settles damage claims, rejections, losses, return of materials, over-shipments, cancellations and engineering changes with suppliers. 7. Prepares moderately complex reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. Provides parts, equipment, and materials information by answering questions and requests. 8. Applies continuous improvement techniques and methods to internal processes and systems to increase efficiency and customer service and to reduce costs. 9. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing trade publications, establishing networks, and/or participating in professional associations. 10. Complies with federal, state, and aerospace industry regulations; ensures adherence to requirements and advises management on needed actions. Complies with Government/Commercial Practices Manual (GPM/CPM) policies and procedures. 11. Shares specialized knowledge with others. Represents company on specific projects. Mentors new employees. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Work assignments may include cross-functional or project team responsibilities (e.g. continuous improvement).<p><b>
Qualifications</b>
</p>Education and Experience Bachelor’s degree (BA) in Business Administration or related field, or an equivalent combination of education and experience which has provided both theoretical and practical knowledge in the field. Demonstrated ability to perform the essential functions of the job typically acquired through two or more years of increasingly responsible related purchasing experience. Certificate in Purchasing Management (CPM) or APICS desired. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Knowledge of purchasing and negotiating methods, principles and concepts. Knowledge of industry practices, general business operations, and policies. Knowledge of legal and regulatory requirements related to procurement. General knowledge of and ability to apply continuous improvement techniques to purchasing and related areas. Proficient in standard business application software and specialized purchasing and/or materials systems (e.g. electronic data interface (EDI) or manufacturing resource planning (MRP) systems). Ability to work on a variety of problems of moderate scope and complexity where analysis of the situation or data requires thorough identification of factors and analysis of impact. Ability to work within general work objectives regarding projects and team goals. Ability to read, analyze, and interpret policies and recommend changes to procedures. Ability to effectively communicate and present information to suppliers, team members, team leaders, and top management. Ability to respond to significant inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community. Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to negotiate effectively to obtain best prices and terms on products, materials, and services. Ability to effectively demonstrate team member competencies and participate in goal-setting, performance feedback, and self-development activities. TYPICAL MENTAL AND PHYSICAL DEMANDS While performing the duties of this job, the employee is required to sit. The employee frequently is required to use hands to operate a computer and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision. Also expected of the employee is regular attendance, the ability to work cooperatively and professionally with others and members of the public, and the ability to manage multiple tasks at once. Overnight, long distance travel may be required, based on the individual needs of the position. (The essential functions have been provided as examples of types of work performed by employees assigned to this job classification. The Company reserves the right to modify the work assignments and/or to make reasonable accommodations so that qualified employees can perform the essential functions of the job. The physical and mental demands described above are representative of those required to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.)</div>
<p></p>
</div>