<h2>Clinical Research Project Manager</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText">
<b>Job Overview:</b><br>
As a Clinical Project Manager for our Clinical Pharmacology Services team you will oversee and manage domestic, regional and/or international clinical trials conducted at Covance Clinical research sites, external sites and data services projects.
<br><br>
Projects generally include full service including multiple moderately complex trials managing multiple vendors and external sites for trials of moderate to high financial value, and may consist of serving in a program oversight role. The Project Manager will be primary client contact and responsible for the facilitation of communication, managing client expectations, and building business relationships.
<br><br>
<b>Key Responsibilities (not an exhaustive list):</b><br>
Managing scope of project and project components, budgets, timelines, and quality guidelines thereby ensuring that expectations are met while identifying and mitigating risks .
<br>Responsible for managing the project team in a matrix environment.
<br>May contribute to strategic relationships by monitoring and reporting Key Performance Indicators (KPI), and may assist in the development of KPI.
<br>Using detailed knowledge of clinical development, the Project Manager may lead bid defense and other business development activities. Works independently to lead a project team or under the direction of a more senior Project Manager on a program of studies, while adhering to professional, SOP, regulatory and ICH/GCP standards. Assesses resource needs for project or program delivery based on scope of services to be provided. Manages and communicates scope of the project according to proposal, budget, timeline throughout the life cycle of the project. Works with project team on identification of work scope changes against the project timelines. Creates and/or review required project plans. Implement and monitor progress against project Plans and timelines and revise as necessary. Ensure consistency of plans across programs. Organizes, chairs, and ensures accurate documentation in meeting minutes for project meetings with client and team, as applicable. Completes, or delegates with oversight, the Project Log (Action/Decision/Issues) items to ensure appropriate project team member delegation and resolution. Develop a thorough understanding of clinical, biometrics and critical path activities. Proactively engages in both quality assurance and risk management and mitigation activities to ensure project deliverables are met according to both Covance and client requirements, ensuring appropriate escalation of risks to all stakeholders. Manages and communicates scope of the project according to proposals, budgets and ongoing project progress. Works with project team in identifying, initiating work scope changes, tracking and delivering to the client. Responsible for the review and assessment of ongoing hour/budget utilization throughout the course of project to ensure that the projects are meeting financial targets. Supports negotiations with client to ensure budget remains within contracted terms. Controls project margins and minimizes write offs by working with key stake holders and senior leadership Collaborates with finance when project milestones or completion of contracted units of activity have been met to approve monthly invoicing, and performs client follow up as appropriate. Accountable for TMFs including TMF Index &amp; Plan, audit readiness and delivery of the TMF per agreed upon timelines, when contracted by client. May oversee timely uploading of documents by the project team into the TMF for client held systems. Accountable for directing the CTMS build, working with project team to ensure loading of information for site activation and timely entry of key milestones for site payment. Accountable for developing Project Specific Training and ensuring project team members have read, reviewed and documented project related documents and plans. Drives issue resolution at the project and program level. Ensures proper escalation of potential CQI per Covance SOPs. Contributes to audit responses from agencies and clients, as appropriate. Ensures lessons learned are implemented across projects currently being managed and across the department as applicable. Initiates and drives improvements to enhance the efficiency and the quality of the work performed on assigned projects. Assist in the reporting of strategic client metrics. Contributes to proposal strategy, development, and lead bid defense strategy for assigned business development opportunities. May assist in the training and development of more junior and project team staff. Increase potential for repeat business by establishing a strong working relationship with the client project team striving for client satisfaction and operational excellence Perform other duties as assigned by management.
<br>Site Management Responsible for the oversight of site start up activities. Oversees the coordination of the study activation components of the project from an oversight level including Feasibility, Site selection, Activation, Site Contracting, Label/Supply, Regulatory Submission, Greenlight. Assists in the design and maintenance of tools/ processes relevant to feasibility assessments and patient recruitment campaigns. Supervision of Investigator package review and approval prior to drug shipment. Supervision of study set-up with the clients regarding pre-study documentation for Investigator packages. Supervision of Site Budget and Statements of Agreement (SoA) documents that leads to an executed site contract Supervision of Document Review, including Informed Consent Forms, Advertisements, labels and protocols. Education/Qualifications: Required: University/college degree (life science preferred) or certification in a related allied health profession (i.e. nursing, medical or laboratory technology) from an appropriately accredited institution. In lieu of the above requirement, candidates with a two (2) year Associate Degree and additional five (5) or more years of relevant clinical research experience in pharmaceutical, CRO industries or experience in a health care setting will be considered.
<br><b>Preferred:</b> Certified in Clinical Research – PMP, SOCRA/ACRP Certification
<br><br>
<b>Masters or other advanced degree. Experience:</b><br>
<b>Minimum Work Experience:</b> Minimum of five (5) years relevant clinical research experience in a pharmaceutical company/CRO including demonstrated skills and competency in project management tasks. Acceptable: In lieu of above experience requirement, a combination of other experiences including, but not limited to preclinical research, biometrics clinical supervision, clinical study management, clinical monitoring, and clinical project management may be considered. Experience in managing projects in a virtual environment. Demonstrated ability to handle multiple competing priorities and to utilize resources effectively. Financial awareness and ability to track project progress against financial milestones. Demonstrated ability to inspire effective teamwork and motivate staff within a matrix system. Demonstrated ability to lead by example and to encourage team members to seek solutions. Excellent communication, planning and organizational skills. Ability to work independently. Ability to negotiate and liaise with clients in a professional manner. Ability to present to staff at all levels. Good computer skills with good working knowledge of a range of software packages. Detailed knowledge of project management processes. Preferred: Working knowledge of Covance with cross functional department expertise. Basic knowledge of Covance sales and business development strategies and procedures.</div>