<h2>Account Manager - Commercial Primes, CSO I 15870</h2> 
 <div id="jobDescriptionText" class="jobsearch-jobDescriptionText"><div>
<p><b>Parker Hannifin</b>
</p>PARKER HANNIFIN Parker Hannifin is a Fortune 250 global leader in motion and control technologies. For 100 years the company has engineered the success of its customers in a wide range of diversified industrial and aerospace markets. PARKER AEROSPACE Parker Aerospace, an operating segment of Parker Hannifin Corporation, is one of the world’s leading producers of flight control, hydraulic, fuel, inerting, fluid conveyance, thermal management, and engine systems and components for the aerospace industry. We design and build equipment for virtually every aircraft and aero engine being produced in the world today. In addition to game-changing technology, our customers look to us for shorter lead times, lower costs, higher reliability, and lifetime support. All coupled with the positive attitude and innovative thinking of a true business partner. Parker Aerospace provides unmatched performance for both our customers and shareholders, built on a foundation of integrity, innovation, and customer satisfaction. As a result, our business has seen consistent growth and, best of all, our team members share in Parker’s success. CUSTOMER SUPPORT OPERATIONS – Irvine, CA or other location based applicant Account Manager Commercial Primes Req 15870 Position Summary: 1. Responsible for overall account management of premiere customers on the Commercial Aftermarket Team. Acts as primary customer interface with the Order Execution/Supplier Management disciplines of the customer's organization by developing and maintaining on-going long-term relationships that may include management of customer scorecards and frequent face to face meetings at customer facilities. . 2. Serves as the customer’s advocate within Parker by acting as the liaison and facilitator for the resolution of issues regarding any aspect of Parker support. Identifies technical, logistical, performance, or support issues with Parker products or services. 3. Ensures long-term profitable growth of spares, repairs, services, product improvements, and retrofit business of all Parker Aerospace product lines at assigned customers by working with Aftermarket Business Development Managers to execute marketing plans and growth strategies. 4. Responsible for OTD of customer proposals. Has the ability to translate customer requirements into proposals that are priced to win and provide acceptable profits to meet company guidelines. 5. Responsible for meeting sales and contracted bookings targets for portfolio of customers identified by Business Unit Manager. Capable of obtaining customer intel/forecasts and translating that into division specific action plans as it relates to FY plan and outlook. 6. Owns customer scorecard performance metrics (delivery TAT, quality / quarantined events, warranty adjudication, reliability, customer service, proposal TAT) and partners with the service centers, CRC, reliability, customer service engineering, field service, and divisions to maintain a high level of operational performance. 7. Complies with federal, state, and aerospace industry regulations by studying existing and new legislation, enforcing adherence to requirements, and advising management on needed actions (e.g. export compliance). 8. Responsible for determining Likelihood to Recommend (LTR) baseline at Premier and Select Plus Customers and increasing metric year over year. Evaluate, recommend, and implement strategies to increase customer satisfaction. 9. Serves as customer expert and resource – i.e. “owns” the VOC to CSO and Divisions on execution. 10. Supports contractual performance auditing to confirm adherence of key contractual terms such as pricing / exclusivity vs actual events. 11. Coordinates the completion of administration tasks of discounts, royalties, rebates, remedies, considerations, license fees, commissions and CY escalation. Responsible for leading CSO Program Reviews with the customers and Parker Exec Leadership. Prepares material and presentations needed for reviews by partnering with contracts customer service, OEM divisions, technical, Quality and Business Development teams. Coordinates the development and population of Plan for Every Customer “PFEC” alongside Business Development Manager. 12. Maintains a level of technical knowledge of existing and new products, including cost reduction and production methods for developing current and new accounts. Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending seminars, reviewing trade and technical publications, establishing networks, and/or participating in professional associations. 13. Must be able to accomplish tasks working in a cross-functional matrix organization. 14. Identify competitive threats and work with Business Development to develop plans to defend accounts from competitors. QUALIFICATIONS: BA/BS degree in business, or related field, or engineering. MBA preferred. Eight or more years of increasingly responsible aerospace experience including two or more years of high-level account management, customer relationship management experience, and project and customer program management. Thorough knowledge of company products and services, technology, regulations, and policies related to marketing and customer support for airline, military or OEM customers. Thorough knowledge of company products and services, technology, regulations, and policies related to marketing and customer support for airline, military or OEM customers. Knowledge and understanding of contractual terms and financial modeling (e.g. pricing; cost analysis). Knowledge of program management principles and related business processes and procedures, including technical and business proposal development. Proficient in the use of standard and specialized software applications and reporting tools. Ability to develop and maintain positive customer relationships. Ability to resolve issues at the appropriate division working level; communicates in an effective manner with internal Division leadership. Ability to develop and respond to inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies (e.g. ITAR export requirements), or members of the business community. Interfaces effectively with all levels within customer and Parker entities. Effectively presents information to management and customers. Overnight, long-distance travel may be required of 10-25% of time depending on location. Additional Comments: The essential functions have been provided as examples of the type of work performed by employees assigned to this job classification. The Company reserves the right to modify the work assignments and/or to make reasonable accommodations so that qualified employees can perform the essential functions. The job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and responsibilities. It is intended to describe the general nature of the position. HOW TO APPLY Please upload resume in Word or PDF format with your online application at parker.com/careers referencing Job ID 15870. A cover letter summarizing experience against above qualifications is recommended. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY</div></div>